What's up Wastelanders! You're listening to GNR, that's Galaxy news Radio, in case you forgot. We interrupt our
regular scheduled broadcast for some news! Not too long ago, I reported that a cat had recently left Vault 101. His
name was James, good guy. Turns out, it gets better! I've got a new report here that said someone else had just
climbed out of that hole. What the Hell is going on down there? Revolution? Vacation? Somebody fart? Your guess is
as good as mine kiddies. Thanks for listening children, this is 3 Dog, and you're listening to Galaxy News Radio.
We're radio Free Wasteland, and we're here, for you. Time once more for an important PSA. Remember, children, when
the raiders come, there ain't no shame in locking your doors, barricading the windows, and cowering under the
nearest bed. When these psychos come to play, they have one thing on their minds: making your life as fucking
miserable as humanly possible. Raiders can't be bargained or reasoned with, and there ain't no use surrendering,
cause they'll just shoot you anyway. So run, hide or... fight, if you've got the balls and the guns. But for God's
sake, don't go wavin' the white flag. They'll just strangle you with it. And now, some music. This is Bob Crosby,
taking us Way Back Home.

Helloo, Capital Wasteland! This is 3 Dog coming to you loud and proud from GNR! Everyone ready for the Capital
Wasteland lastest news? me neither, but it's that time again. There have been more and more sightings of Raiders
over by Evergreen Mills. Smart money's on them having some kind of camp out that way. Thanks for listneing children!
This is 3 Dog, and you're listening to GNR, we're radio free Wasteland, and we're here, for you. And now a super
important PSA. Don't feed the Yao Gui, that is all. And now, some music.

People of the Capital Wasteland, it is I, 3 Dog, your ruler, hear me and obey. Oh sorry, that's that OTHER radio
station. Got lots of stuff going down in post apocolyptia these days, Here's some of the latest news. Here's a
question for all you faithful listeners. Have you guys and gals ever seen... a tree? No, no, no. Not those shriveled
black things. I’m talking real trees. Brown bark, green leaves, photosynthesis, all that good stuff. Now what if I,
the all-powerful Three Dog, were to tell you that somewhere right here in the Capital Wasteland, there’s a place
with LOTS of trees. A veritable Oasis of green in that depressing sea of brown. Look, it was years ago, and I MAY
have been experimenting with Jet at the time, but I’m telling you, it’s out there. Until next time, this is 3 Dog,
and you're listening to GNR, Bringing the truth, no matter how bad it hurts. And now, some music.